#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tincan
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fs
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-countries
astroid==3.3.11
    # via pylint
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bs4
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.39.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   sqs-event-publisher
botocore==1.39.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bridgekeeper==0.9
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
bs4==0.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   external-api-clients
celery==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   eox-core
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-toggles
coverage==7.9.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
    #   requests-pkcs12
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.4.0
    # via pylint
django==4.2.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-password-validators
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-jsonapi
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   eox-core
    #   eox-theming
    #   event-tracking
    #   jsonfield
    #   nelp-custom-registration-fields
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-filters
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-countries==7.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
django-fake-model==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
django-ipware==7.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
django-oauth-toolkit==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
django-oauth2-provider==0.2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
django-password-validators==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-phonenumber-field[phonenumbers]==8.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-toggles
    #   eox-core
django-webpack-loader==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-jsonapi
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   eox-core
djangorestframework-jsonapi==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-django-utils==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   edx-when
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   eox-core
edx-i18n-tools==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-when
    #   eox-core
    #   openedx-events
edx-proctoring==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
edx-toggles==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   event-tracking
edx-when==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
eox-core==11.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
eox-tenant==11.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-theming
eox-theming==9.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
event-tracking==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via pytest
external-api-clients @ git+ssh://git@github.com/nelc/external-api-clients.git@v1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
fastavro==1.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
flake8==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
fs==2.4.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-jsonapi
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
kombu==5.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lxml[html-clean]==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   external-api-clients
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   xblock
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   lxml
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
nelp-custom-registration-fields @ git+ssh://git@github.com/nelc/nelp-custom-registration-fields.git@main
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
newrelic==10.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openedx-events==9.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
    #   event-tracking
openedx-filters==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   kombu
    #   pytest
path==16.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
phonenumbers==9.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-phonenumber-field
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   pyjwkest
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.7
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pymongo==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-django
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   xblock
python-ipware==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ipware
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-proctoring
    #   event-tracking
    #   tincan
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   external-api-clients
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-pkcs12
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   external-api-clients
    #   social-auth-core
requests-pkcs12==1.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   external-api-clients
rules==3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-proctoring
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-oauth2-provider
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   eox-core
    #   eox-theming
    #   event-tracking
    #   fs
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
social-auth-core==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   eox-core
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
sqs-event-publisher @ git+ssh://git@github.com/nelc/sqs-event-publisher.git@v0.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tincan==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   django-countries
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   xblock
xblock==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-when
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
